IntelliJ guide, analysis chapter (#518)
windup/windup-documentation: docs/topics/intellij-idea-plugin-resolving-issues.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * docs/intellij-idea-plugin-guide/master.adoc

[id="intellij-idea-plugin-resolving-issues_{context}"]
= Resolving issues

You can resolve issues by doing one of the following:

> * Using a _Quick Fix_ automatic code replacement to fix a code snippet hint has a hint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using a _Quick Fix_ to fix a code snippet that has a hint
```

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: lgtm

> * Editing the code of a file that appears in a a classification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Editing the code of a file that appears in a classification
```

Author: Fixed.

Reviewer: lgtm

== Using a Quick Fix

You can use a Quick Fix automatic code replacement to save time and ensure consistency in resolving repetitive issues. Quick Fixes are available for many issues displayed in the *Hints* section of the *Results* directory.

.Procedure

. In the left pane, click on a hint that has an error indicator.
+
Any Quick Fixes are displayed as child folders with the Quick Fix icon (image:intellij-idea-info.png[Quickfix]) on their left side.
. Right-click a Quick Fix and select *Preview Quick Fix*.
+
The current code and the suggested change are displayed in the *Preview Quick Fix* window.
. To accept the suggested fix, click *Apply Quick Fix*.
. Optional: Right-click on the issue and select *Mark As Complete*.
+

> A green check appears by the hint, replacing the error indicator.

Reviewer: Do you have an icon to put here?

Author: Added.

Reviewer: lgtm
